the account at wesley is seen at the
start of the film
who is seated in his office
and he is very upset
because his female head is enough
strange
she used to behave rudely to all
she used to say to her employees only to
participate in her pleasure and she had
no care of the happiness of her
employees
now wesley is worried for this cause
that she is recalling his childhood
memories
that his father divorced his mother when
he came into this world
and his female friend betrayed him
uniting with his male friend
now the scene is turned here and a man
is seen
who hands over a bullet to a man to
check either there is a mark on it or
not
that lady does not notice any mark on it
then someone targets that lady with his
gun
now they all people are after this man
he escapes from there
and he begins to fire on them while
appearing from other side and breaking a
glass
he receives a call when he is nearly to
end all men
someone blackmails him and asks him to
have a look of your feet
when he notices his feet then he
observes x mark there
then someone fires his gun on him from a
distance
it means someone had knowledge as this
man will approach here and he has to
target him
here the scene turns and wesley is again
seen in the office
his office head again scolds him today
he becomes frustrated and hysterical
even he is nearly to cry because he was
fed up from all of these
he begins to take the medicine because
of the panic attack
he visits a market in the evening where
a girl named fox appears there
and she tells him that your father has
been shot down by someone
it is the incident of yesterday
and it is the story of that man which
was seen before sometimes
now fox tells him that the same man also
wants to make you dead
so take care of yourself
then fox meets a suspicious man there
so fox pushes wesley immediately
that man runs from there before she
kills him while firing
and the other things are targeted as the
glass is broken there and wesley flees
in fear
because he was really very coward
he had no boldness
now wesley is seen walking on the road
now a man drives his bus speedily
and he begins to hit wesley
but fox appears there
fox rescues wesley while turning her car
sharply
now wesley is seated in the car and they
begin to escape from there
now their chaser was in this intention
to kill him
so fox comes outside breaking her car
windshield
and she starts to fire
but that bullet is stuck in her car tire
consequently tire is punctured
police also arrive there
they increase the speed of their car
both police cars are stopped ahead
so they may stop them
but fox's car drives ahead while jumping
over the both police cars
police notice a bus
when they check moving inside
then there is no one
the man had run away who was after them
now fox takes wesley to an aged man
after a deliberation
who is also the major character of this
movie
first of all he observes the gun of
wesley and says to him that there has
been kept a dustbin before you
there are uncountable flies so you will
have to end them while firing
and you can do it
but wesley is very afraid
and he says that i never held a gun
then aged man says to him that
i will kill you if you did not obey me
so wesley holds that gun fell in fear
and he begins to fire it on that dustbin
fortunately he targets all flies
the agent man tells wesley
that your heart was beating fastest
which was greater than four hundred
and it is not as such what you are
thinking
it did not occur due to your fear
it is rather a reason that a hormone
produced in your body
which made you stronger
a courage developed in you like your
father that you fired the gun
now wesley points his gun on that aged
man
and he begins to shoot him
why are you irritating me
why are you not letting me do what i am
wanting to do
the aged man tells him someone killed
your father
and who knows that he may be among of us
but i have done a great job
i transferred the ownership of your
father's all property with your name
before it was owned to other
wesley leaves this place
when he gets in the next morning
he thinks as it was his dream what
happened
but a gun drops from his pocket as he
goes to the lavatory
then he understands that it was fact
he hides his gun
and he directly moves to atm machine
where he knows that his bank account is
in millions
being extremely excited he moves to his
office
then he stats to check the computer to
know what were the jobs of his father
how did he die
her female head notices him of doing so
she starts to shout at him
wesley also shouts at her at this time
he does not bear her single word
then he goes to his friend with whom her
female friend had betrayed him involving
with him
he leaves the office after throwing the
keyboard forcefully on his face
he was not feeling guilty
because he did not want this job now
he observes coming outside that posters
of tag wanted are stuck
which belonged to him and fox
and it was due to that incident which
occurred in the market last night
fox picks him up reaching in her car
they moved to the cotton mill where that
aged man is present
now aged man suggests wesley that you
need training
because your life is at greater risk now
you will have to defend yourself
now fox takes wesley to a man who
punches on his face while tying him with
a chair
and he badly injures his mouth and knows
they begin to bleed
wesley is unable to defend himself
because of being tied
now fox takes him to a butcher
it was time of next step of training
he injures wesley too much scaring him
with a knife
but wesley was also not getting ability
to defend himself
his blood flow speedily after being
injured
but fox does still not let him go and
the time of third step of training
starts
fox brings him to such a man who
recovers his wounds putting him into the
wax
so that the courage may develop in
wesley to bear the hurdles of next
training
afterwards fox leads wesley to the
gunfighter
but wesley is also unable to defend
himself here
so fox loses her temper on this
and she starts to hit him badly
next day that aged man brings him in his
father's room
and he advises him that you will have to
learn everything devotedly
how will you learn if your heart and
mind will not support you
afterwards they show the photo of his
father to wesley
wesley feels something and he thinks
that he has to be strong like his father
now wesley's training is started again
he starts to learn everything as how to
cut the meat how to defend himself how
to wrestle
how to fight with anyone how to fire his
gun on anyone
and many such things
in this way many days are passed
fox appears before wesley and says to
him that you will also have learnt from
the firing that
how to shoot the spin bullet i am before
you and you have to shoot me
the bullet should be spun
it means the bullets may not target me
but goes at a distance while turning
wesley is unable to do it
so fox encourages him you will have to
do it
encourage yourself now
so wesley cross shoots after getting
courage
fortunately bullets is spun
due to wesley's courage and struggle
this bullet is only touched with the
hair of fox as it is shot
and fox does not get any harm
and that bullet directly shoots on
wesley's expected place
now aged man reveals to him the real
target
that they kill the devilish people
that man has a cotton mill
there is a hidden coded name in the
clothes which they receive
to whom they had to target
then they understand that name
then they target that man stealthily
going there
and these names are sent from the
underworld
the agent man gives wesley a target name
which is robert
now wesley is ordered that he has to
kill him going there
wesley and fox move to top floor of the
building
reaching its top floor wesley points his
gun on that man
but he also takes it back thinking he
may be guiltless
but fox asks him wesley
why did you do it
you don't know this man had burnt my
family before 20 years in front of my
eyes and i ran away
i became aggressive at that time
but i waited for this time when his name
appears as a victim
and someone may kill him
so wesley becomes emotional hearing it
because he recalls of his family
then fox and wesley again go there
that man is sitting comfortably keeping
his arm behind his head
he did not know that he is going to meet
his end now
so wesley fires his gun on him at this
time
now the multi-missions are assigned to
wesley
now wesley continues to become
proficient in this work
one day when wesley is outside then the
same man comes to kill him who were
chasing them
but wesley flees
then wesley notices that someone is
behind him wesley fires his gun on that
man but he had approached there to
assist him
when wesley's attention is diverted
that man named mr cross shoots wesley's
shoulder who was behind him and chasing
him getting the chance of it
wesley loses his consciousness
then fox and some of her men arrive here
he directly goes to that aged man and
says that
cross shoots me with the same bullet so
that i may know that who invented it
cross may come to meet me there when i
visit there
i am going there
there may be a secret that i know going
there
so that aged man says fox will also
accompany you
but wesley leaves while forbidding
then aged man says that loom of fate has
given the name of wesley at this time
and you will have to target him
now wesley notices cross in the train
while walking
so he enters the train but fox remains
outside
the battle starts between both of them
and they start to fire on each other
and their gun bullets are crashed with
each other
meanwhile fox also enters the train
driving her
and train is derailed
it is bridge
here wesley is going to fall from the
train but cross saves his life catching
his hand
so wesley fires his gun on him without
any thought
then cross tells him wesley
you were my son and i am your father
when wesley comes in the train then fox
says
yeah
he is your father
wesley says to fox have you any
embarrassment
why did you choose me to kill my father
fox says cross may kill the other
attacker easily if we sent someone else
cross did not kill you so you might kill
him
if it has been noticed that cross used
to keep an eye on wesley in the reality
because he wanted to save him from the
wicked people
when fox is going to shoot her gun on
wesley here
then wesley jumps into the water while
shooting the bottom of train
he is in his neighbor's house as he
wakes up
his neighbor tells him that your father
had always kept an eye on you for this
because he wanted to prevent you from
the wicked people
but fox and that aged man selected you
for their evil missions
loom of fate also declared the name of
that old man but he changed it he turned
himself against him when his father knew
about it
that aged man wanted to kill your father
from that time
now this neighbor shows wesley a small
room which belongs to wesley's father
wesley finds many ticking bomb weapons
and other things there
he also gets a notebook in which the
whole plant had been noted down
how does that aged man kill
all had been noted down by his father
so wesley promises himself that he will
accomplish the incomplete missions of
his father so he purchases the peanut
butter according to the plan
and he free some rates in the cotton
mill of that aged man while adjusting
bombs on them
consequently those rats begin to go to
and fro
then wesley has succeeded to blast the
ticking bomb in that cotton mill
now wesley goes to kill that aged man
who was in the mill
he starts to fire his gun on the man
coming on his way
at last he reaches that location where
that aged man was present
but fox and her companion point their
guns on him before it
but wesley shows him that piece of cloth
where that aged coded name was written
he reveals the whole reality
then fox is very astonished
then aged man also speaks that my name
had appeared on the cloth
but there were also the your name fox
with wesley and companions
but it was me who kept it secret
you may kill wesley if you want
and keep it secret
otherwise as you all wish
saying it that old man leaves but fox
feels guilty here
that she carried out the orders of a
wrong man
she targets wesley in the same turning
style
that bullet targets his head while
passing through the heads of his
companions
as a result they all three are killed
here
now wesley leaves in search of that aged
man
but wesley does not find that aged man
next day it is seen that wesley is
seated in his office
and that aged man comes after him
he says to him look at me your time
approached
he has pointed his gun on him
but that man is not wesley when he turns
back
he has just disguised him
when that aged man observes that there
is same x mark
then a bullet targets him from a
distance crossing the head of that aged
man
and he is killed there
here wesley and his father's incomplete
mission is completed
and the movie also completes